Enviro Compensator
None
The production capacity of your space docks is now increased by 1.

Sarween Tools
Enviro Compensator
Whenever you produce units in any Space Dock, you now receive one additional resource with which to build units.

Micro Technology
Stasis Capsules OR Sarween Tools
When you receive trade goods from your trade agreements, you now receive one extra Trade Good for each of your active trade agreements.

Nano Technology
Micro Technology
Your Dreadnaughts and War Suns may not be targeted by your opponents’ action cards. In addition, when you claim a planet you gain its planet card refreshed. (SE)

Transit Diodes
Light Wave Deflector OR Dacxive Animator
As an action, you my spend one Command Counter from your Strategic Allocation to immediately move up to four of your Ground Forces from any one of your planets to any other planet you control.

Graviton Laser System
Deep Space Cannon
When you make a combat roll with a PDS unit and miss, you may now make a single re-roll for each roll that missed.

Integrated Economy
Cybernetics AND Micro Technology
When producing units at your Space Docks, you may now place the new units in any activated, adjacent system that is empty or friendly. You may place PDS and Ground Force units on any friendly planet within this range.  

Light Wave Deflector 
XRD Transporter AND Magen Defense Grid 
You ships may now move through systems containing enemy ships and continue their movement to the activated system.

Type IV Drive 
XRD Transporters AND Neural Motivator 
All of your Cruisers and Dreadnoughts now receive +1 movement.

War Sun 
Deep Space Cannon AND Sarween Tools 
You are now allowed to produce War Sun units.

Fleet Logistics 
Gravitation Negator 
When taking a Tactical Action, you may now take two Tactical Actions, one after the other, before your turn ends.

XRD Transporters
Antimass Deflectors 
All of your Carriers now receive +1 movement.

Maneuvering Jets 
XRD Transporters 
Your opponents receive -1 to all PDS rolls targeting your ships (or -2 if the PDS is firing from an adjacent system). In addition, you receive -1 to all of your Space Mine rolls, and your ships do not have to stop when entering an Ion System. (SE)

Advanced Fighters 
Type IV Drive 
Your Fighters may now move independently with a movement rate of 2, and receive +1 on combat rolls. Your Fighters do not require the support of Carriers or Space Docks, and enemy ships may not move through a system your Fighters occupy. Fighters in excess of a system’s fighter capacity will count towards your Fleet Supply limit.

Graviton Negator
Assault Cannon OR Dacxive Animators 
Your Dreadnoughts may now bombard planets that contain PDS units. Your Fighters may now participate in Invasion Combat. Surviving Fighters are returned to space after the combat and can never establish control of a planet.

Hylar V Assault Laser
None 
All of your Cruisers and Destroyers now receive +1 on all combat rolls.

Auto Defense Turrets 
Hylar V Assault Laser 
All of your destroyers receive +2 and roll 1 additional die on all Anti-Fighter Barrage rolls. (SE)

Deep Space Cannon 
Hylar V Assault Laser 
Enemy fleets in adjacent systems are now in range of your PDS units.

Stasis Capsules 
Enviro Compensator 
Your Cruisers and Dreadnoughts may now carry one Ground Force unit.

Neural Motivator 
Stasis Capsules OR Micro Technology 
You now draw one extra Action Card during each Status Phase.

Dacxive Animators
Neural Motivators 
If you win an Invasion Combat, roll once for every Ground Force unit killed (yours and your opponent’s). For every roll of 6+, place one Ground Force unit on the planet from your reinforcements.

Gen Systhesis 
Cybernetics 
All of your Ground Force units now receive +1 on all combat rolls during Invasion Combat. When one of your Ground Force units is destroyed, roll a die: On a result of 5+, the unit is instead returned to a planet in your Home System.

Hyper Metabolism 
Gen Synthesis 
During each Status Phase you gain 1 additional Command Counter. In addition, before drawing Action Cards, you may discard 1 Action Card from your hand to draw 1 additional card. (SE)

X-89 Bacterial Weapon 
Assault Cannon OR Transit Diodes 
Your Dreadnought or War Sun units may now use this option before bombarding.  Immediately destroy all Ground Forces on the planet. Then discard all your Action Cards.

Race Specific
None 
See technology card for your race. (SE)

Neural Computing
Neural Motivators 
Your cost to purchase new Technology is reduced by 2. (ST)

Duranium Armor 
Deep Space Cannon 
At the end of each round of combat you may repair 1 of your damaged units in battle. (ST)

Transfabrication
None 
You may scuttle units at the start of the produce units step of your activation. For each non-fighter and non-Ground Force unit you scuttle in this way, gain 1 trade good. Units scuttled by Transfabrication may not be reproduced during the same game turn. (ST)

Assault Cannon 
Auto Defense Turrets AND Cybernetics 
Before any Space Battle begins, your participating Dreadnoughts may each fire one shot. Any hits are applied immediately and casualties do not receive return fire

Antimass Deflectors
None 
All of your ships may now move through Asteroid Fields but may never end their movement in an Asteroid Field.

Cybernetics 
Antimass Deflectors OR Stasis Capsules 
All of your Fighters now receive +1 on all combat rolls. 

Gravity Drive 
Antimass Deflectors
You do not need to roll for your ships when moving out of a Gravity Rift. If your ships begin their Activation in a system adjacent to a Gravity Rift or Wormhole, you receive +1 movement. (ST)

Magen Defense Grid 
Deep Space Cannon 
All of your PDS units now receive +1 on all combat rolls. In addition, all of your defending ground forces on a planet with a PDS receive +1 on all combat rolls during Invasion Combat.

